README.md, before:

# Final Project Ethos of DELON2 - Team 2

The following lists the teams principles, priorities and commitments for the project. It also outlines our definitions of a completed task and ways of working.

In line with agile methodology, each member has agreed to commit to the following to achieve team goals:


## Values Alignment

1. Managing time to increase quality of work by including regular breaks to avoid burnout
2. Communicating regularly, respectfully and effectively. 
3. Maintain impartiality and objectivity with team members
4. Persistance and dedication regarding task completion
5. Conflicts will be resolved with respect, understanding and group agreement
6. Utilising a growth mindset when facing challenges 


## Set up Ways of working

1. Effective communication in order to operate efficiently through slack and in person meetings
2. Setting up daily tasks and goals during our stand-ups followed by sprints (in agile fashion). Stand up time may be used as an opportunity to ask each other questions.
3. Reviewing daily tasks/tickets and goals at the end of the day
4. Retros will be structured as an end-of-day and end-of-week reflection on the positives, negatives, and points of discussion
5. Work load will be split among members through volunteering for tasks/tickets
6. Test features will be created within each members branches
7. Pull Request feature from GitHub will be used to review code
8. Marking 7.30pm as the end-of-day with regular breaks in between


## Defining 'DONE'

Task must:
1. Pass unit test where possible
2. Be approved by members of the team, merged to the main branch and implementation tested in the main application
3. Meet all acceptance criteria listed under each task
4. Be free of any errors/invalid inputs

Commit message:

updated README.md from main

README.md, after:

# Final Project Ethos of DELON2 - Team 2

The following lists the teams principles, priorities and commitments for the project. It also outlines our definitions of a completed task and ways of working.

In line with agile methodology, each member has agreed to commit to the following to achieve team goals:


## Values Alignment

1. Managing time to increase quality of work by including regular breaks to avoid burnout
2. Communicating regularly, respectfully and effectively
3. Maintain impartiality and objectivity with team members
4. Persistance and dedication regarding task completion
5. Conflicts will be resolved with respect, understanding and group agreement
6. Utilising a growth mindset when facing challenges 


## Set up Ways of Working

1. Effective communication in order to operate efficiently through slack and in person meetings
2. Setting up daily tasks and goals during our stand-ups followed by sprints (in agile fashion). Stand up time may be used as an opportunity to ask each other questions
3. Reviewing daily tasks/tickets and goals at the end of the day
4. Retros will be structured as an end-of-day and end-of-week reflection on the positives, negatives, and points of discussion
5. Work load will be split among members through volunteering for tasks/tickets
6. Test features will be created within each members branches
7. Pull Request feature from GitHub will be used to review code
8. Marking 7.30pm as the end-of-day with regular breaks in between


## Defining 'DONE'

Task must:
1. Pass unit test where possible
2. Be approved by members of the team, merged to the main branch and implementation tested in the main application
3. Meet all acceptance criteria listed under each task
4. Be free of any errors/invalid inputs



# How to Run the Applicaiton

To run the main python script, make sure you are in the workspace directory and you are running it as a python3 module.
Your terminal should look similar to this:

```console
root@############:/workspace# python3 -m src.app
```

To run the tests, ensure that you are in workspace/test directory and run the test_app.py with pytest as a python3 module.
Your terminal should look similar to this: 

```console
root@############:/workspace/test# python3 -m pytest test_app.py
```
